Upgrade project and .NET version (#44)
alefranz/MELT: README.md

It is licensed under [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/alefranz/MELT/blob/main/LICENSE).
Most of the code is copyrighted by the .NET Foundation as mentioned in the files headers.

If you like this project please don't forget to **star** it on [GitHub](https//github.com/alefranz/MELT) or let me know with a [tweet](https://twitter.com/AleFranz).

You can find an explanation on the advantages of using this library and the importance of testing logs on the blog post "[How to test logging when using Microsoft.Extensions.Logging](https://alessio.franceschelli.me/posts/dotnet/how-to-test-logging-when-using-microsoft-extensions-logging/)".

> This project supports all currently supported version of .NET and ASP.NET Core, [including full framework](samples/2.1/SampleWebApplication2_1.IntegrationTests/).

Author: ```suggestion
This project supports all currently supported versions of .NET and ASP.NET Core, [including full framework](samples/2.1/SampleWebApplication2_1.IntegrationTests/). Please refer to the documentation for examples and compatibility details.
```
